Now before we do reduce let's do find.
So what is fined.
Well let's first get our array again.
So we'll just copy over what we had from our last experiment and find is also exactly as it sounds.
We're trying to find an element that correctly returns true based on the conditional that we have and
the return of our function very similar to filter.
So what we would say is my array doesn't find and we would get our element and let's say I wanted the
element that is equal to five.
Well here it would it would get us our element five.
Right.
Because if one goes in is it equals a five.
No 3 No but 5 is true.
And the moment that it's correct this method actually stops and it gives us back the first value in
the array that return True from calling this function on each element.
So it won't keep going so away we can actually see this is if we say my array find and we get our element
and let's say we do as long as the element is greater than four so theoretically five seven and nine
are all true but because it's applying it from left to right on each element the first element that
This returns true it will return and it won't keep going.
And we know that it will be five so dot find is a great way for us when world well let's say we have
an array of objects.
Right.
And we want to find a specific object based on some condition.
You can imagine if we had let's say people array where we had an array of objects where the I.D. was
one the I.D. of four and then the I.D. of seven.
If we wanted to find people array right with the idea for one then we would say a person or person I.D.
was equal to four and now this will give us our second item where it's our person with our idea for.
So this is the great thing about find is that final.
Give us the reference to whatever element it is that matches the condition that we pass in the function
of our find and we will use this as well quite extensively in our coding.